getting_started_inventory: improve readability, misc improvements (#252)
ansible/ansible-documentation: docs/docsite/rst/getting_started/get_started_inventory.rst

Continue getting started with Ansible and build an inventory as follows:

> #. Create a file named ``inventory.ini`` in the ``ansible_quickstart`` directory which we created at the :ref:`preceding step<get_started_ansible>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a file named ``inventory.ini`` in the ``ansible_quickstart`` directory that you created at the :ref:`preceding step<get_started_ansible>`.
```

> #. Create a file named ``inventory.ini`` in the ``ansible_quickstart`` directory that you created at the :ref:`preceding step<get_started_ansible>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Create a file named ``inventory.ini`` in the ``ansible_quickstart`` directory that you created in the :ref:`preceding step<get_started_ansible>`.
```

Author: heh, it's funny that initially i used `in` there:) committed, thanks, PTAL

Reviewer: lol, prepositions are the worst

> #. Create a file named ``inventory.ini`` in the ``ansible_quickstart`` directory that you created in the :ref:`preceding step<get_started_ansible>`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#. Create a file named ``inventory.ini`` in the ``ansible_quickstart`` directory that you created in the :ref:`preceeding step<get_started_ansible>`.
```

Author: originally i wanted to put it as you're suggesting `preceEding`, but then used Google translate and it showed that the correct word is `preceding`. Are we sure we'll be correct here?

Author: @samccann PTAL ^

Reviewer 2: doh! you're right it is precede.. my bad.

   .. note::
      Pass the ``-u`` option with the ``ansible`` command if the username is different on the control node and the managed node(s).

      Pass the ``-k`` option if SSH authentication on the managed node(s) requires a password.

> 

Reviewer 2: I may be misremembering, but I thought using -k to pass in a password isn't actually the preferred approach because it weakens security.  If you feel it's important in the getting started to show how to deal with a managed host that requires a password, please reword this to say you can use -k for this example but should implement ansible vault for any production system.

Author: i've removed this as now i noticed that the author mentioned putting keys on managed nodes. thanks

>       Pass the ``-k`` option if SSH authentication on the managed node(s) requires entering a password.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      Pass the ``-k`` option if SSH authentication on the managed node(s) requires a password.
```

Author: was thinking of it:) Committed, thanks, PTAL

Inventories in INI or YAML format
=================================

> You can create inventories in either `INI` files or in `YAML`.

Reviewer 3: Shouldn't this use double backticks? Same below.
```suggestion
You can create inventories in either ``INI`` files or in ``YAML``.
```

Author: LGTM, committed, thanks! (i also changed other places similarly). PTAL
